- [Kevin] Before we wrap up the course,
I want to take a moment to give you a path
for expanding your expertise with Java EE.
The best way to gain a deeper knowledge of Java EE
is to build your own application with the APIs we covered.
This might be a personal project or a project at work.
But if you put these skills to work on a daily basis,
you'll quickly become an expert in Java EE.
Also throughout the course we covered
the course skills for each of the APIs,
giving you a working knowledge of each area.
There are courses on the LinkedIn Learning platform
that dive even deeper into these areas
focusing on a specific API per course.
I highly recommend watching the courses
that may be of interest to you.
Additionally, I encourage you to share your Java EE skills
with others via forums like LinkedIn and Stack Overflow.
If you want to stay in touch with me,
I'm not hard to find online.
You can visit my blog at www.tothought.com
or check out my Stack Overflow profile
to see my latest activity.
Additionally, I have two other courses
on the LinkedIn Learning platform.
Git for Teams is a course I built
that delivers strategies for teams that use Git
and can help you avoid some common pitfalls.
Building APIs with Swagger covers a design-first approach
to creating APIs and teaches you
the open-API specification.
Check these out if you like my teaching style.
So that is all I have for you for now.
Congratulations on finishing this course
and thank you for taking it.
I really appreciate your time investment
and hope I've been a helpful part
of your journey as a developer.
Now, put your skills to work
and go build some exciting applications with Java EE.